Protocol Meeting 2020-11-03
===========================

attending: 9?

Membership details: fine like it is, good to see so many people there

Twitter:
- Petr: what should be the content?
- Sophie:
	- news and updates on ssla issues
	- raise awareness
- Florian:
	- Network of SIGs
- Zack: who should manage
	- what content, guidelines...
- Sophie: volunteered
- Martin: Code of conduct, next time define
- zack and sophie will set up such a document: https://github.com/sslarch/sslarch.github.io/blob/master/twitter_guidelines.md 

Logo:
- Christop: if scaled, not readable
- Joe: should speak more to 'outsider'
- Martin: Redesign contest until next meeting

Email:
keep it currently as it is

2. monthly update

Clemens: central collection hub for news necessary

New R and python versions
no important or breaking changes

new gis challenge
https://www.gislounge.com/november-map-challenge/

r open sci newsletter:
new packages
- spelling spell fixing (https://github.com/ropensci/spelling)
- parzer for fixing coordinates (https://github.com/ropensci/parzer)
- wellknown well known text parser (https://github.com/ropensci/wellknown)
- fulltext searching in published papers (https://github.com/ropensci/fulltext)

Rcpp
wrapper for simdjson
https://dirk.eddelbuettel.com/code/rcpp.simdjson.html

Open Books
https://mastering-shiny.org
https://book.javascript-for-r.com

Shinyverse:

new version of testthat (3.0)
https://www.tidyverse.org/blog/2020/10/testthat-3-0-0/
Breaking!!!

New Database interface:
https://github.com/r-dbi/odbc/releases/tag/v1.3.0

Arrow-Package: Data manipulation package
https://arrow.apache.org/docs/r/news/index.html

New Feature in R-Studio: Run Python Console
https://twitter.com/rstudiotips/status/1313875704593805313

Zack:
- Discord or Slack?
- Gitter?
Joe:
- good experience with discord

Do research and decide next time

3.1.
Joe describes his idea again

Workshop:
Zack was unsure wheter or not we are competent enough
joe: Workshop might be ok if makes that more accessible to other researchers
sophie: supports this
Clemens: modularised

Jim: introductory most relevant

Martin: helping with the session
Clemens: workshop or session
Sophie: workshop
Petr: workshop

Joe produces an abstract proposal, we discuss in inner group and submit, backed up by the SIG

4. Practical implementation dissemination of teaching material

Joe: suggest as link
Sophie: moderated curated list of stuff
https://www.archaeopress.com/ArchaeopressShop/Public/displayProductDetail.asp?id=%7B48586A9F-7C7A-4840-97AD-3C33D17D6E2A%7D

Schedule in UTC?

next meeting first of december
